I'm home.
Gojo Dolls Hello!
Yuzawaya Does this take care of all the shopping?
Yes!
Also, the mannequin I ordered will be arriving today.
For real? I'm super excited!
The World's Hobby Shop Oh, hey, Gojo-kun...
How's this?
Dude, you totally screamed.
Don't scare me like that.
B-B-But you suddenly... sh-showed me your underwear—
It's a swimsuit. I bought it earlier and just wore it out of the store.
This part
I think we can use a swimsuit. Are there swimsuits that sit that high above the hips?
You mean a high-waisted swimsuit?
I totally have one One sec
Also, when we were talking about the outfit yesterday,
I sent you a pic, which you totally saw, but you never replied.
Read
It looks like this It's not quite right though, huh?
Let's go look at swimsuits tomorrow Read Read
What's with that? It was so rude.
Harumph W-Well...
A lot happened after I saw that photo...
I had such a hard time finding any high-waisted ones.
I finally found an imported one. Isn't it awesome?
Gojo-kun?
U-Um... If you could just...
Leave me alone for a bit.
Squee~
What's this? Could it be?
Are you excited?
Oh, Gojo-kun, you little perv—
I'm sorry! The swimsuit is fine!
Just, please! Do not! Touch me right now!
Wait, are you mad? My bad.
I'm not mad... Just please, leave me be for now...
This is totally random, but do you ever blow on cold noodles to cool them off?
Yes.
Ahaha
Isn't it like, totally embarrassing when you realize it?
This turned out super nice!
I'm so happy right now.
You seem very happy.
Of course I am!
It feels so nice when you feel like you're actually being useful.
I mean, getting all up in my feels just for painting this thing is a bit much, but...
So I... was actually useful.
It's so frickin' pretty! I'm even more hyped for this cosplay now!
Maybe I'll try it on.
Wait, Kitagawa-san!
I totally don't mind you watching.
I-I absolutely will not! What are you talking about?!
I've got a fancy bra on today, so I totes don't mind.
Lookie!
That was deffo not the one I wanted to show off...
Episode 9
A Lot Happened After I Saw That Photo
Gojo Dolls So effing cute.
How is it, Inui-san?
It's amazing.
It fits me perfectly. It's gorgeous.
So precious... Is it hard to move around in at all?
No, it's fine.
If there's anything you're not satisfied with, please let me know.
Well...
The skirt could be poofier.
Ask Inui-san.
Make all the decorations on the cap gold.
Upper arm 23 cm Use a fabric that'll stretch easily.
Military uniform base. Outlines her figure well.
Think about how the fabric fits around her arms and hips.
Add a crease to accent her eyelids
Put on 6 buttons.
Waist 55 cm
Use cosplay tape to make her eyes narrower
Add eyeliner to make her eyes more beautiful.
Light blue color contacts
Oh, you're right. Should we try putting in some wiring?
I think we'll be fine if I just wear a firm tutu underneath. I have one.
All right.
Would you like to try the cape, too?
Yes.
I wanna see!
You used embossed fabric for the lining.
It's beautiful.
The only thing is this fabric is a bit thick, so it might be harder to pose in.
It's fine.
If we take multiple shots while I'm moving, it'll look like it's waving, too.
The heavier fabric will actually look nicer.
She sounds super cool! I wish I sounded like I actually knew what I was talking about!
How's yours, Kitagawa-san?
Uh, yup.
Um, uh... This part is like squeeze, and...
It's insane!
The thingies on my shoulders are cool, too, and...
mega insane!
And this part is too cute, and...
It's super-duper insane!
Blush You don't have to push yourself.
Thank you so much.
Kitagawa-san, I'd like to do your makeup and have you put your wig on, too,
so let's get your hair up.
Okay!
Marin Kitagawa.
Is this the only shade of foundation you have?
Yes.
If you choose a tone that's one shade lighter
when you're wearing a light wig, it'll match better.
Use some color-correcting makeup, too.
Juju-sama's makeup tutorial Base layer
I think blue might work well for Black Lobelia.
Purple or blue color-corrector
This will make your skin look even lighter
She is an enemy, after all.
Foundation
If you don't have any, you can use mine for the shoot.
Really? That'd be super awesome!
This will make you skin look even lig
All right, let's change the shape of your eyes.
Wait, what?!
We'll use cosplay tape.
Inui-san told me about it, so I bought some.
We want to turn this
I didn't think fake eyelashes would accurately depict Black Lobelia's sharper eye shape.
into this Also, I was curious to see how it worked.
Noice. Let's give it a shot!
Take the corner of the eye and lift up gradually diagonally.
Like this?
This feels weird.
Once you apply it, use bobby pins to keep the wig cap and tape in place.
And my eyebrows?
Should I shave 'em off?
This time, your eyebrows should be even, so you don't have to.
Wait, you shaved them totally off last time?
We're done.
Yeah, looks good.
Good job. Hey, hand me a mirror.
Sure, here you go.
Holy... crap! Does my face always look like this?!
I... Have I... Have I always been Black Lobelia?!
No, you dummy.
That wig's a great color. Where's it from?
Swallowtail! It really is beautiful.
Flinch Bonk Bonk Bonk Bonk Bonk Bonk
You seem really happy.
Beaming I'm even more hyped now!
I can't wait until our group cosplay!
Gloom I was so looking forward to it... Fukudaya
Sudden rainstorms are common this time of year. It happens.
It's cooler and darker now, and this fits the image more, so it's fine.
I know, but it just brings down the mood, you know?
That corset is really nice.
I love Black Lobelia's outfit.
You totally get it!
Corsets just kinda rule, don't they?
Maybe also 'cause it looks kinda like a dress.
And it's ruffly but still Gothic.
Ever since I was a kid, I loved the difference between Neon-oneetama and Black Lobelia.
So I'm super stoked to be cosplaying her!
Yeah... Actually... I have a request.
What?
Fidget Fidget Um...
Could we get a picture t-together... maybe?
Sure, whatever.
For real?! Yay! You're the best!
Right in the feels...
Thank you so much... I can't right now...
Is it okay if I tweet this?
Sure... But your makeup's running.
Shinju sure is late.
It usually doesn't take her this long to get ready.
I'll go check on her Gojo-kun's not back yet, either.
Ohmigod, I'm getting so many likes!
My photos barely ever get any!
Juju-sama, you're too amazing! I can't!
That's because you usually only upload pictures of your meals.
What's with the pics of fried rice with all kinds of stuff on it?
Oh, that's my cooking.
You must be kidding.
I'm getting a ton of replies! "Wow, Juju actually exists."
Of course I do! What the hell?
Well, you never go to cosplay events, Juju-sama.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Heya, what took you so long—
Huh?!
Wait...
Wait, Inui-san?
What's wrong? Inui-san?!
Inui-san!
Scouting (Location Hunting) Day I'm so sorry.
Gloom
I'm the one who wanted to go, and I ended up fainting.
Oh, no worries! Shinju-chan and I managed to check the whole place out.
Yes.
I took pictures, so we can look at them together when we get home.
Okay... I guess you weren't feeling well.
I'm sorry I didn't realize it sooner.
I-I feel just fine...
Then can we call it a day?
That's a good idea.
Okay.
I have plans with Nowa and the others in Shibuya, so I'll see you guys later.
Finals are coming up, so we're gonna get hyped at karaoke.
Just study like normal people.
See you, Gojo-kun!
Yes.
We should get going, too.
This is my first time at Shim-Misato,
so do you mind if I browse the shops by the station first?
Okay, I'm going to head home first, then.
Be careful.
Okay.
Um...
Is something wrong?
Did you have another question about the camera?
Oh, n-no...
If I've got the wrong idea, I apologize in advance.
But, um...
Did you actually want to cosplay, too, Inui-san?
When we first met the other day,
I wondered if it was hard to say so in front of your sister.
I'm sorry! I m-must've had the wrong idea!
Please forget I ever said anything. I'll be going now!
I-I would like to try it, actually...
I have a character that I love very much, so I'd love to try...
Just like Marin-san said,
I've been jealous, watching my sister cosplay.
Then... But... I just can't!
I'd... never look good as this character.
I'm not cute like my sister.
I'm not skinny, and this character is completely different from me.
I can't be like that... I'd end up looking weird.
So I shouldn't even try.
And...
If I ended up doing a weird cosplay, and upset my sister...
I don't know what I'd do if she hated me!
I'm too scared...
The other day...
I saw so many cosplayers enjoying cosplaying for the first time...
And thought that the best thing about cosplay is that you can be anything that you want.
If you feel like trying it, even just a little,
you should definitely cosplay!
I'll help you.
And I'm pretty sure your sister would never judge you, Inui-san.
Gojo-san, please... Please help me!
Yes, of course!
So, what series did you want to cosplay from?
Well, actually...
I also want to cosplay a character from "Flower Princess Blaze!!"
Fidget Fidget Oh, I see!
I wonder who she wants to be?
She said it was someone different from her, so maybe it's the heroine, Mirai-chan.
I...
want to be Soma-oniichan.
Soma-oniichan?
I've always looked up to Soma-oniichan so much.
He's so strong and cool.
And whenever his little sister Mirai-chan is in trouble, he's always there to help her out.
Soft...
He reminds me so much of my sister, I love him.
I see...
While we're at it, why don't you join their cosplay group on the shoot day?
I'm sure they'd both be very happy.
S-Sure!
B-But could you keep this a secret until the day of?
This is my first time, so I'm a bit embarrassed.
All right.
Um... Do you really think I can pull it off?
What do you mean?
I'm f-f-fat... so I have a hard time fitting in some clothes...
I wouldn't really call that "fat"...
And I only have my allowance, so I don't have much money...
That's right! She looks so much older, I forgot!
She's in middle school, so she can't work a part-time job yet!
That's going to be rough. I won't be able to make a costume...
N-No. Cosplay can definitely be an expensive hobby,
but it's not like everyone has a lot of money to spare.
They should be able to enjoy it even with limited funds.
There has to be a way.
Think... Think!
O-Of course, it must be too difficult... No!
I'll definitely figure it out!
Gojo Dolls First, let's start with the outfit.
Right...
If we use this uniform for your outfit, we won't have to buy one.
Is this your uniform, Gojo-san?
Please adopt me
I remembered a thought I had while watching "Flower Princess Blaze!!"
Soma-oniichan and Sakuya's uniform looks like the one from my school.
It really does!
Is it really okay to borrow it?
Yes.
I'm not sure if it'll fit you, but...
Hup.
If Kitagawa-san had been the one who wanted to cosplay Soma-oniichan...
Dude, this is huge on me Dude, this is huge on me!
W-Would I have lent her my uniform?
Gojo-san! I did it!
Flinch Okay!
How does it—
Yikes!
Gonna Burst Tight Shake Shake Tight Shake
Boom!
I-I-I-I'm so sorry about the buttons!
Awawawa Inui-san, your front! Your front!
Sad I'm so sorry...
Oh, no problem. I can sew this back on in no time.
The size seemed about right, though.
A little hemming should do the trick.
Yes. I'll be rolling up the sleeves, so the length was perfect, too.
So, the only problem is your che—
I-I mean, how to make you look like you have a guy's physique.
Right...
At this rate, she'd just be wearing a guy's uniform.
I guess we'll have to somehow make her chest stand out less
and somehow make her look like a guy...
Hina dolls wouldn't have this problem...
They also wear a kimono, so there aren't any buttons.
Kimono... That's it!
Ta-da!
Let's try a sarashi wrap!
Not having cleavage would help a lot
If we use a sarashi to give you a more even shape,
I think we can make you look more like a guy.
How about we give it a try?
All right.
Come to think of it, Kitagawa-san wore two NuBras...
Changing how your face and body look just to look like a character
is actually pretty amazing...
But But...
It's basically the ultimate form of love!
I love her, so I want to be her!
I think it's because they love these characters so much that they're able to do this.
My stomach doesn't stand out as much anymore,
but my chest still—
Right...
Also, that shirt still eventuates your curves, showing your girlish figure,
so we'll have to adjust the shoulders, too.
Soma-oniichan is really athletic, so I'd like to make him look strong.
Kyudo Club
I understand. We should make your shoulders broader somehow.
More than anything, we have to do something about her chest.
How did the people who were dressed as guys at the event handle this?
Accepting Answers Question from:
I want to dress up as a guy for an event, but I have a big chest, and because I'm still new at this, I can't make my chest small enough. How does everyone else make their chest smaller?
Answer (1) Questions (92) 29 more days Share
Answers (1 answer)
Hello, I hope you don't mind me answering. I'd recommend a B Holder. I also had a hard time getting my chest small enough when I would cosplay guys, but after using a B Holder and some taping, I managed to get the physique I was going for. I would recommend you give that a shot.
Hm? A B holder?
I wonder what that is.
Chest flattener with hooks
Undergarment that will help flatten the volume of your chest when cross-dressing, cosplaying, or wearing formal clothes. For B~H cups. It can almost completely flatten your chest.
*"B Holder" is a registered trademark of LBeRoad.
Wow, it changes this much?!
They have my size, too!
But something this amazing must be really expensive—
Choose your option
(Price with tax) 3600 yen Free shipping 8 points (1x) See details
Or not!!
This! This is it!
We can actually adjust your body shape at this price!
Yes! I'll buy it right now!
Now we just have to get you a wig.
I'd like to buy it when I go shopping next, so may I measure your head circumference?
Sure, of course.
Please look straight forward, and sit up straight...
Squish
Gojo Dolls I-I'm so sorry! That wasn't on purpose!
I-It's... It's okay! I'm so sorry!
Sorry to have you come all this way when you live so far away.
It's fine.
I bought your wig.
Necessary items -Scissors -Hair clip -Comb -Mannequin head -Hair wax, etc.
Your cosplay is a secret, so let's go ahead and cut it ourselves.
Section off the hair
Don't try to cut everything at once to make sure it's all balanced
Set with hairspray Complete
Amazing...
This is his first time, and he's showing no hesitation at all.
...Ghh.
This sure is nerve-racking.
Blank
It's hard to cut when I know I can't mess up.
Oh, I'm sorry!
I was just relieved that you feel like that sometimes, too.
O-Of course I do!
You make such amazing outfits, Look
so I thought you were super talented and could do anything.
Oh, no! There's so much that I can't do!
Even now, I'm trying to figure things out.
Really?
There's someone who I really look up to in my class.
She's a ray of sunshine, loved by everyone around her.
She's incredibly strong and able to say whatever's on her mind.
I figured that she didn't have troubles like I did.
But then, one thing led to another,
and I ended up spending a lot of time with her, and I found out...
She also had things she wanted to do but couldn't...
Things didn't always go her way.
She even messed up at times.
She has the same feelings I do...
She was just so happy...
She can be really cute sometimes.
Gasp
I-I didn't mean to make it sound like that!
Um... Wait... What was I trying to say?
Well...
We can't see what they're feeling inside,
but everyone has a lot going on.
I'll continue to cut this.
Everyone has a lot going on...
Is that how it is?
Let's do your makeup, too.
Proud
Outfit: 0 yen B Holder: 3600 yen Wig: 1799 yen Color contacts: 1999 yen Makeup tools, shoulder pads, etc: About 2000 yen
Grand Total: 9500 yen Yay!!
I got all your makeup at a hundred-yen shop,
so the total for everything was under 10,000 yen.
Thank you so much!
First time applying foundation
Next, let's do your eyes.
To make your eyes look a little more manly,
we'll extend the eyeliner a bit.
Lastly, we'll adjust the wig and...
This is...
Sh...
Shinju?
U-Um... You see...
I-I... also...
t-tried cosplaying...
You look amazing! Absolutely amazing! Seriously amazing!
I couldn't actually tell it was you, Shinju!
What she said, though!
Holy crap, holy crap, I can't!
You actually look like the real Soma-kun!
I thought the real Soma-oniichan showed up for a sec and freaked!
Um... I can't believe it! Is this real? You're Shinju?!
Like, what?! He's actually here! The real deal is here!
Uh... I-I...
You really look wonderful! Absolutely lovely, Shinju!
You look so good!
Isn't this great?
Yes...
Hey, Shinju-chan!
How'd you... where'd your boobies go?!
It's a total mystery!
I bound my chest using a B Holder and a sarashi wrap.
He also added shoulder pads.
You have a girly face!
Girly?
You've got the powerful presence of a dude, but your smile is so girly,
the difference is amazing!
Ohemgee, this is awesome!
I can't right now! Or rather...
Can I take a selfie with you?
Let's take one together!
Please!
Sure.
H-Hey! Let's take one more! This time...
Er, we should get started before our time runs out...
Oh, right! It's 15,000 yen per hour! Shinju, get the camera...
R-Right!
That camera costs 190,000 yen... Oh, shit!
B-Be more careful, for crying out loud!
We're okay.
Episode 10
Everyone Has A Lot Going On Next time.